[Music]
sunshine
hello this weekend i should bring you
along
with us spend a weekend with us going to
the gym in a sec
um we need to get out this get out get
this workout out the way asap like we've
been
putting it off this morning so we're
just gonna jump in there and then i'll
speak
afterwards but yeah i'm just gonna take
you through a few days with us
[Music]
very good session i've never started
training actually
like uh mid back isn't it like lower
back when you train your lower back
it's like you're breaking your back it
just feels like yeah it feels like
you've done your backing but it's
actually just like the pain
training
it's very windy today but very warm at
the same time
just had a quick change and
just about to head out i'm going to head
to
um get my eyebrows did as well as mason
sprouse
did you have a little bit of a shoe huh
the shoe combo
how did you see that this one
oh this one neither actually probably
the dark one if
you're gonna choose what do you think
today huh
into ariana's new music what a queen
didn't click start so just put some
chicken
in here with some sweet potato and some
pressure cooker for
about six months now it's really good if
you're only just starting to actually
understand like
how it works because for ages everything
just tasted the same didn't it
yeah but now we've got to grips with it
i think we're adding too much water and
stuff
i've been trying this new amino drive in
fruit punch
flavor mason really likes it as well i
just like to drink
whilst working out so as i'm waiting for
the food to cook
i just had a mouthful of this i always
do this
with me it's a diet way double chocolate
brownie
21 protein quite nice
probably seven out of ten to get our
brows done
basically i've been to this place i've
been there once before and we're also
gonna try and find
oh my goodness it's not lazy how to
definitely
go in and to find a mason like a
halloween costume
i ordered some bits off amazon i won't
tell you what
like i'm going that's what you obviously
see
what's happened a rat or a screw
do you want to match what i'm going
that's or
no your first idea was actually penelope
wasn't it like growing this kind of
thing but
no i don't have time to like order any
penelope type
sure yeah it depends what i've got
[Music]
so i've got the brows did we're just
waiting outside
fancy dress shop it took quick chicken
tikka
wraps that we shared fresh grabs lovely
i'm really red actually i'm so sensitive
to wax size
unless you want to just quickly try it
on yeah
is it what yeah what size is it
all right we're ready to go
i don't know how well you can see but
it's
a massive beaming full moon first
for me so you didn't know that i just
told you that
i love you actually the first
full moon on halloween since i think
1970 something
it's tonight's like a good night to
cleanse yourself
i feel like i'm looking at a different
girl on here
so i've done angelina tomb raider
makeup and i'm pretty proud of myself
considering
that well it didn't take me too long mr
skeletor
over there
don't let them
[Music]
it's
i actually look like death warmed up and
that is all i have to say but we had a
really good night
um yeah needed some fresh air as well
right there
just trying to find somewhere to have
breakfast
we're at the farm healthy bistro
i've just got a cappuccino i am going
to get the farmer's breakfast
two rashes of bacon free sausage
poached oats so please
[Music]
mason sleeping
huh aren't you have you fallen asleep
[Music]
huh daydreaming
so i went on a little walk earlier i've
just sorted the house out a bit
made a roast so i've got some sweet
potato broccoli
carrots onion is a full
chicken
in my robe i've just washed my hair i
feel brand new and
yoga berries frozen yogurt is on the way
nathan just walked through the door
actually
oh i'm so tired hello
lock down thing wow i've just done a
face scrub actually my skin's glowing my
skin i've broken out so much on my
forehead
there's some yorkshire puddings in here
and you can see they're slowly rising
but i don't know how well they're going
to turn out i used like
um well it kind of is a different recipe
but they look like blooming muffins
right now
and then
oh my god i added a different topping
this time
wait i think they've upgraded oh that's
nice
i actually ordered a small and we've
given us both
oh how amazing do these look
nice biscuit frozen yogurt with cookie
white chocolate cookie dough
delicioso
[Music]
so hello hello again so i'm just about
to go in and get my hair done
my gorgeous hairdresser has um i think i
was booked in for like not next week but
the following week
and um she's managed to squeeze me in
before i received the lockdown commences
which is news obviously with like with
the lockdown news and everything
um i honestly have no
words but you know what we move i don't
think it'll be the same as the last
lockdown i do think it'll be
different um and yeah four weeks i just
really hope that they're not gonna ex
i'm not gonna plan on extending from
there onwards but i'm sending
so much love to you right now through
the screen
we've got this and hopefully there'll be
some changes as well
yeah so i'm just gonna go and get my
hair done i thought i'd bring you along
with me
i've literally had my hair in this exact
style for god knows how long
i've just not been bothered and i feel
like it's just been darker recently
i've just had no motivation in terms of
my usual self-care so i need to get back
on
all of that because i'm not really
feeling well i feel better that i
haven't had my brows done
um but yeah i'll show you what we do i'm
not going any lighter i am loving
like absolutely adoring being back
like brunette my natural color and
like i think when i look back in some of
my older videos that weren't that long
ago and i keep thinking like why did i
think that looks nice or like
i just don't think um it suited me like
when i had the lock down growth when it
was just like
really like blondy yellow from here
downwards
and didn't really suit me but i just
prefer being dark i guess
and my hair feels so much healthier it's
a lot less maintenance but i don't feel
like
it's snapping off as much i might have a
little bit of bleach like just
through some bits just so it's like a
lighter brown rather than
just all that one color i guess so i'll
bring you all
in there and then we can have a little
chat on the way back hopefully if it's
not too
dark any sort of like hairdresser
appointment eyebrows i just love it like
it's so therapeutic
and just sends me to sleep i brought my
laptop actually so i can do some editing
and a bit of work
um but yeah that's the plan how do you
do that
you just um
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
he is
so the new hair i didn't really get like
much done to it i didn't even have any
bleach put in it's just
um a toner but it just looks so much
healthier
dark than it did when i was lighter i
didn't have anything chopped off the end
alex just
blowed right and curled it but um yeah i
love a bit of
that i feel way fresher this coat
it looks quite scruffy but it's
literally just like wearing
a tablet it's so comfy and i'm just
going to take pineapple on
a walk even though it's throwing it down
she's not been out today
so that's the plan so i'm gonna wrap
this video up here
i really hope you enjoyed this vid just
actually but yeah let me know
what you'd like to see over these next
few lock down
lock down the new look up the new
weeks logged out that does not make
sense the following weeks have locked
down um and
if there's anything you want someone
help with would it be like fitness
nutrition
let me know in the comments down below
and if you haven't already stick around
by liking this vid and subscribing and
i'll see you in the next video